ENH: Enable accelerated linear regression for overdetermined systems (#2083)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/algorithms.rst

       - ``normalize`` != `False`
       - ``sample_weight`` != `None`

>      - Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features` and there should be no linear dependencies.

Reviewer: In my opinion, it's better to make this statement more specific:
```suggestion
     - Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features` and there should be no linearly dependent features in the data.
```
